Uplift internal linting (#1370)
seek-oss/skuba: .changeset/five-dancers-pump.md

---
'skuba': minor
---

> lint: Overhaul skuba's internal linting system
> 
> Internal (skuba) linting is now promoted to a top-level tool alongside ESLint, tsc, and Prettier.
> 
> This fixes issues where skuba would not fail a `lint` check but silently make changes.
> These changes may never end up being committed and causes noise when running `lint` or `format` later.
> 
> Now, lints report whether changes need to be made and are applied in `format` or autofix modes (in CI).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
lint: Overhaul internal linting system

Internal linting is now promoted to a top-level tool alongside ESLint, Prettier, and tsc.

This fixes issues where skuba would not fail a `skuba lint` check but silently make changes to your working tree. These changes may have never been committed and subsequently led to noise when running `skuba format` or `skuba lint`.

Now, internal linting rules report whether changes need to be made, and changes are only applied in `format` or autofix modes (in CI).
```

---
'skuba': minor
---

lint: Overhaul internal linting system

Internal linting is now promoted to a top-level tool alongside ESLint, Prettier, and tsc.

This fixes issues where skuba would not fail a `skuba lint` check but silently make changes to your working tree. These changes may have never been committed and subsequently led to noise when running `skuba format` or `skuba lint`.

Now, internal linting rules report whether changes need to be made, and changes are only applied in `format` or autofix modes (in CI).

> In addition, `skuba lint` can now automatically push autofixes. This eases adoption of linting rule changes and automatically resolves issues arising from a forgotten `skuba format`.

Author: Should this be a separate changelog entry?
